translations/zh-CN/content/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/creating-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll.md, before:

---
title: 使用 Jekyll 创建 GitHub Pages 站点
intro: '您可以使用 Jekyll 在新仓库或现有仓库中创建 {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} 站点。'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.pages %}'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/creating-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll
  - /github/working-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll
permissions: 'People with admin permissions for a repository can create a {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site with Jekyll.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Pages
shortTitle: 使用 Jekyll 创建站点
---

{% data reusables.pages.org-owners-can-restrict-pages-creation %}

## 基本要求

必须安装 Jekyll 和 Git 后才可使用 Jekyll 创建 {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} 站点。 更多信息请参阅 Jekyll 文档中的[安装](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/)和“[设置 Git](/articles/set-up-git)”。

{% data reusables.pages.recommend-bundler %}

{% data reusables.pages.jekyll-install-troubleshooting %}

## 为站点创建仓库

{% data reusables.pages.new-or-existing-repo %}

{% data reusables.repositories.create_new %}
{% data reusables.repositories.owner-drop-down %}
{% data reusables.pages.create-repo-name %}
{% data reusables.repositories.choose-repo-visibility %}

## 创建站点

{% data reusables.pages.must-have-repo-first %}

{% data reusables.pages.private_pages_are_public_warning %}

{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %}
1. 如果您还没有本地版仓库，请导航到您想要存储站点源文件的位置，将 _PARENT-FOLDER_ 替换为要包含仓库文件夹的文件夹。
  ```shell
  $ cd <em>PARENT-FOLDER</em>
  ```
1. 如果尚未初始化本地 Git 仓库，请将 _REPOSITORY-NAME_ 替换为仓库名称。
  ```shell
  $ git init <em>REPOSITORY-NAME</em>
  > Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/octocat/my-site/.git/
  # Creates a new folder on your computer, initialized as a Git repository
  ```
  4. 将目录更改为仓库。
  ```shell
  $ cd <em>REPOSITORY-NAME</em>
  # Changes the working directory
  ```
{% data reusables.pages.decide-publishing-source %}
{% data reusables.pages.navigate-publishing-source %}
  例如，如果选择从默认分支上的 `docs` 文件夹发布站点，则创建并切换目录到 `docs` 文件夹。
 ```shell
 $ mkdir docs
 # Creates a new folder called docs
 $ cd docs
 ```
 如果选择从 `gh-pages` 分支发布站点，则创建并检出 `gh-pages` 分支。
 ```shell
 $ git checkout --orphan gh-pages
 # Creates a new branch, with no history or contents, called gh-pages and switches to the gh-pages branch
 ```
1. 要创建新 Jekyll 站点，请使用 `jekyll new` 命令：
   ```shell
   $ jekyll new --skip-bundle .
   # Creates a Jekyll site in the current directory
   ```
1. 打开 Jekyll 创建的 Gemfile 文件。
1. 将 "#" 添加到以 `gem "jekyll "` 开头的行首，以注释此行。
1. 编辑以 `# gem "github-pages"` 开头的行来添加 `github-pages` gem。 将此行更改为：

   ```shell
   gem "github-pages", "~> GITHUB-PAGES-VERSION", group: :jekyll_plugins
   ```

   将 _GITHUB-PAGES-VERSION_ 替换为 `github-pages` gem 的最新支持版本。 您可以在这里找到这个版本：“[依赖项版本](https://pages.github.com/versions/)”。

   正确版本 Jekyll 将安装为 `github-pages` gem 的依赖项。
1. 保存并关闭 Gemfile。
1. 从命令行运行 `bundle install`。
1. （可选）对 `_config.yml` 文件进行任何必要的编辑。 当仓库托管在子目录时相对路径需要此设置。  更多信息请参阅“[将子文件夹拆分到新仓库](/github/getting-started-with-github/using-git/splitting-a-subfolder-out-into-a-new-repository)”。
   ```yml
   domain: my-site.github.io       # if you want to force HTTPS, specify the domain without the http at the start, e.g. example.com
   url: https://my-site.github.io  # the base hostname and protocol for your site, e.g. http://example.com
   baseurl: /REPOSITORY-NAME/      # place folder name if the site is served in a subfolder
  ```
1. （可选）在本地测试您的站点。 更多信息请参阅“[使用 Jekyll 在本地测试 {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} 站点](/articles/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll)”。
1. 添加并提交您的工作。
```shell
git add .
git commit -m 'Initial GitHub pages site with Jekyll'
```
1. 将您在 {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% endif %} 上的仓库添加为远程，使用企业的主机名替换 {% ifversion ghes or ghae %}_HOSTNAME_，{% endif %} _USER_ 替换为拥有该仓库的帐户{% ifversion ghes or ghae %}，{% endif %}并且 _REPOSITORY_ 替换为仓库名称。
```shell
{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/<em>USER</em>/<em>REPOSITORY</em>.git
{% else %}
$ git remote add origin https://<em>HOSTNAME</em>/<em>USER</em>/<em>REPOSITORY</em>.git
{% endif %}
```
1. 将仓库推送到 {% data variables.product.product_name %}，_BRANCH_ 替换为您所操作的分支的名称。
   ```shell
   $ git push -u origin <em>BRANCH</em>
   ```
{% data reusables.pages.configure-publishing-source %}
{% data reusables.pages.navigate-site-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}
{% data reusables.pages.sidebar-pages %}
{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
{% data reusables.pages.choose-visibility %}{% endif %}
{% data reusables.pages.visit-site %}
{% data reusables.pages.check-workflow-run %}

{% data reusables.pages.admin-must-push %}

## 后续步骤

要向站点添加新页面或帖子，请参阅“[使用 Jekyll 添加内容到 {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} 站点](/articles/adding-content-to-your-github-pages-site-using-jekyll)”。

{% data reusables.pages.add-jekyll-theme %}更多信息请参阅“[使用 Jekyll 添加主题到 {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} 站点](/articles/adding-a-theme-to-your-github-pages-site-using-jekyll)”。

Commit message:

Initialize dependabot/npm_and_yarn/remark-rehype-10.1.0

translations/zh-CN/content/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/creating-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll.md, after:

---
title: Creating a GitHub Pages site with Jekyll
intro: 'You can use Jekyll to create a {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site in a new or existing repository.'
product: '{% data reusables.gated-features.pages %}'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/creating-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll
  - /github/working-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll
permissions: 'People with admin permissions for a repository can create a {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site with Jekyll.'
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Pages
shortTitle: Create site with Jekyll
---

{% data reusables.pages.org-owners-can-restrict-pages-creation %}

## Prerequisites

Before you can use Jekyll to create a {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site, you must install Jekyll and Git. For more information, see [Installation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/) in the Jekyll documentation and "[Set up Git](/articles/set-up-git)."

{% data reusables.pages.recommend-bundler %}

{% data reusables.pages.jekyll-install-troubleshooting %}

## Creating a repository for your site

{% data reusables.pages.new-or-existing-repo %}

{% data reusables.repositories.create_new %}
{% data reusables.repositories.owner-drop-down %}
{% data reusables.pages.create-repo-name %}
{% data reusables.repositories.choose-repo-visibility %}

## Creating your site

{% data reusables.pages.must-have-repo-first %}

{% data reusables.pages.private_pages_are_public_warning %}

{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %}
1. If you don't already have a local copy of your repository, navigate to the location where you want to store your site's source files, replacing _PARENT-FOLDER_ with the folder you want to contain the folder for your repository.
  ```shell
  $ cd <em>PARENT-FOLDER</em>
  ```
1. If you haven't already, initialize a local Git repository, replacing _REPOSITORY-NAME_ with the name of your repository.
  ```shell
  $ git init <em>REPOSITORY-NAME</em>
  > Initialized empty Git repository in /Users/octocat/my-site/.git/
  # Creates a new folder on your computer, initialized as a Git repository
  ```
  4. Change directories to the repository.
  ```shell
  $ cd <em>REPOSITORY-NAME</em>
  # Changes the working directory
  ```
{% data reusables.pages.decide-publishing-source %}
{% data reusables.pages.navigate-publishing-source %}
  For example, if you chose to publish your site from the `docs` folder on the default branch, create and change directories to the `docs` folder.
 ```shell
 $ mkdir docs
 # Creates a new folder called docs
 $ cd docs
 ```
 If you chose to publish your site from the `gh-pages` branch, create and checkout the `gh-pages` branch.
 ```shell
 $ git checkout --orphan gh-pages
 # Creates a new branch, with no history or contents, called gh-pages and switches to the gh-pages branch
 ```
1. To create a new Jekyll site, use the `jekyll new` command:
   ```shell
   $ jekyll new --skip-bundle .
   # Creates a Jekyll site in the current directory
   ```
1. Open the Gemfile that Jekyll created.
1. Add "#" to the beginning of the line that starts with `gem "jekyll"` to comment out this line.
1. Add the `github-pages` gem by editing the line starting with `# gem "github-pages"`. Change this line to:

   ```shell
   gem "github-pages", "~> GITHUB-PAGES-VERSION", group: :jekyll_plugins
   ```

   Replace _GITHUB-PAGES-VERSION_ with the latest supported version of the `github-pages` gem. You can find this version here: "[Dependency versions](https://pages.github.com/versions/)."

   The correct version Jekyll will be installed as a dependency of the `github-pages` gem.
1. Save and close the Gemfile.
1. From the command line, run `bundle install`.
1. Optionally, make any necessary edits to the `_config.yml` file. This is required for relative paths when the repository is hosted in a subdirectory.  For more information, see "[Splitting a subfolder out into a new repository](/github/getting-started-with-github/using-git/splitting-a-subfolder-out-into-a-new-repository)."
   ```yml
   domain: my-site.github.io       # if you want to force HTTPS, specify the domain without the http at the start, e.g. example.com
   url: https://my-site.github.io  # the base hostname and protocol for your site, e.g. http://example.com
   baseurl: /REPOSITORY-NAME/      # place folder name if the site is served in a subfolder
  ```
1. Optionally, test your site locally. For more information, see "[Testing your {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site locally with Jekyll](/articles/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll)."
1. Add and commit your work.
```shell
git add .
git commit -m 'Initial GitHub pages site with Jekyll'
```
1. Add your repository on {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% endif %} as a remote, replacing {% ifversion ghes or ghae %}_HOSTNAME_ with your enterprise's hostname,{% endif %} _USER_ with the account that owns the repository{% ifversion ghes or ghae %},{% endif %} and _REPOSITORY_ with the name of the repository.
```shell
{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/<em>USER</em>/<em>REPOSITORY</em>.git
{% else %}
$ git remote add origin https://<em>HOSTNAME</em>/<em>USER</em>/<em>REPOSITORY</em>.git
{% endif %}
```
1. Push the repository to {% data variables.product.product_name %}, replacing _BRANCH_ with the name of the branch you're working on.
   ```shell
   $ git push -u origin <em>BRANCH</em>
   ```
{% data reusables.pages.configure-publishing-source %}
{% data reusables.pages.navigate-site-repo %}
{% data reusables.repositories.sidebar-settings %}
{% data reusables.pages.sidebar-pages %}
{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}
{% data reusables.pages.choose-visibility %}{% endif %}
{% data reusables.pages.visit-site %}
{% data reusables.pages.check-workflow-run %}

{% data reusables.pages.admin-must-push %}

## Next steps

To add a new page or post to your site, see "[Adding content to your {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site using Jekyll](/articles/adding-content-to-your-github-pages-site-using-jekyll)."

{% data reusables.pages.add-jekyll-theme %} For more information, see "[Adding a theme to your {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site using Jekyll](/articles/adding-a-theme-to-your-github-pages-site-using-jekyll)."
