translations/zh-CN/content/rest/guides/discovering-resources-for-a-user.md, before:

---
title: 为用户发现资源
intro: 了解如何通过向 REST API 发出经过身份验证的请求，找到您的应用程序能够为用户可靠地访问的仓库和组织。
redirect_from:
  - /guides/discovering-resources-for-a-user
  - /v3/guides/discovering-resources-for-a-user
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - API
shortTitle: 为用户发现资源
---



向 {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% endif %} API 发出经过身份验证的请求时，应用程序通常需要获取当前用户的仓库和组织。 在本指南中，我们将介绍如何可靠地发现这些资源。

由于我们在与 {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% endif %} API 进行交互，因此我们将使用 [Octokit.rb][octokit.rb]。 您可以在[平台样本][platform samples]仓库中找到此项目的完整源代码。

## 入门指南

在完成以下示例之前，您应该阅读[“身份验证基础知识”][basics-of-authentication]指南（如果尚未阅读）。 下面的示例假定您[已注册 OAuth 应用程序][register-oauth-app]，并且您的[应用程序具有用户的 OAuth 令牌][make-authenticated-request-for-user]。

## 发现您的应用程序能够为用户访问的仓库

用户除了拥有他们自己的个人仓库之外，可能还是其他用户和组织所拥有仓库上的协作者。 Collectively, these are the repositories where the user has privileged access: either it's a private repository where the user has read or write access, or it's {% ifversion fpt %}a public{% elsif ghec or ghes %}a public or internal{% elsif ghae %}an internal{% endif %} repository where the user has write access.

[OAuth 作用域][scopes]和[组织应用程序策略][oap]决定了您的应用程序可以为用户访问其中哪些仓库。 使用下面的工作流程来发现这些仓库。

如往常一样，首先我们需要 [GitHub 的 Octokit.rb][octokit.rb] Ruby 库。 然后我们将配置 Octoberkit.rb，使其为我们自动处理[分页][pagination]。

``` ruby
require 'octokit'

Octokit.auto_paginate = true
```

接下来，我们将[为给定用户传递应用程序的 OAuth 令牌][make-authenticated-request-for-user]。

``` ruby
# !!! DO NOT EVER USE HARD-CODED VALUES IN A REAL APP !!!
# Instead, set and test environment variables, like below.
client = Octokit::Client.new :access_token => ENV["OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN"]
```

然后，我们可以获取[应用程序可以为用户访问的仓库][list-repositories-for-current-user]：

``` ruby
client.repositories.each do |repository|
  full_name = repository[:full_name]
  has_push_access = repository[:permissions][:push]

  access_type = if has_push_access
                  "write"
                else
                  "read-only"
                end

  puts "User has #{access_type} access to #{full_name}."
end
```

## 发现您的应用程序能够为用户访问的组织

应用程序可以为用户执行各种与组织相关的任务。 要执行这些任务，应用程序需要具有足够权限的 [OAuth 授权][scopes]。 例如，`read:org` 作用域允许您[列出团队][list-teams]，`user` 作用域允许您[公开用户的组织成员身份][publicize-membership]。 一旦用户将其中一个或多个作用域授予您的应用程序，您就可以获取用户的组织。

与上述发现仓库的过程一样，我们首先需要 [GitHub 的 Octokit.rb][octokit.rb] Ruby 库，并配置它为我们处理[分页][pagination]：

``` ruby
require 'octokit'

Octokit.auto_paginate = true
```

接下来，我们将[为给定用户传递应用程序的 OAuth 令牌][make-authenticated-request-for-user]，以初始化 API 客户端：

``` ruby
# !!! DO NOT EVER USE HARD-CODED VALUES IN A REAL APP !!!
# Instead, set and test environment variables, like below.
client = Octokit::Client.new :access_token => ENV["OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN"]
```

然后，我们可以获取[应用程序可以为用户访问的组织][list-orgs-for-current-user]：

``` ruby
client.organizations.each do |organization|
  puts "User belongs to the #{organization[:login]} organization."
end
```

### 返回用户的所有组织成员资格

如果您从头到尾阅读了文档，您可能会注意到一种[允许列出用户的公共组织成员身份的 API 方法][list-public-orgs]。 大多数应用程序应避免使用这种 API 方法。 此方法仅返回用户的公共组织成员身份，而不会返回其私有组织成员身份。

作为应用程序开发者，您通常希望您的应用程序被授权访问用户的所有组织。 上述工作流程恰好能满足您的要求。

[basics-of-authentication]: /rest/guides/basics-of-authentication
[list-public-orgs]: /rest/reference/orgs#list-organizations-for-a-user
[list-repositories-for-current-user]: /rest/reference/repos#list-repositories-for-the-authenticated-user
[list-orgs-for-current-user]: /rest/reference/orgs#list-organizations-for-the-authenticated-user
[list-teams]: /rest/reference/teams#list-teams
[make-authenticated-request-for-user]: /rest/guides/basics-of-authentication#making-authenticated-requests
[make-authenticated-request-for-user]: /rest/guides/basics-of-authentication#making-authenticated-requests
[oap]: https://developer.github.com/changes/2015-01-19-an-integrators-guide-to-organization-application-policies/
[octokit.rb]: https://github.com/octokit/octokit.rb
[octokit.rb]: https://github.com/octokit/octokit.rb
[pagination]: /rest#pagination
[platform samples]: https://github.com/github/platform-samples/tree/master/api/ruby/discovering-resources-for-a-user
[publicize-membership]: /rest/reference/orgs#set-public-organization-membership-for-the-authenticated-user
[register-oauth-app]: /rest/guides/basics-of-authentication#registering-your-app
[scopes]: /apps/building-oauth-apps/understanding-scopes-for-oauth-apps/
[scopes]: /apps/building-oauth-apps/understanding-scopes-for-oauth-apps/

Commit message:

Initialize dependabot/npm_and_yarn/remark-rehype-10.1.0

translations/zh-CN/content/rest/guides/discovering-resources-for-a-user.md, after:

---
title: Discovering resources for a user
intro: Learn how to find the repositories and organizations that your app can access for a user in a reliable way for your authenticated requests to the REST API.
redirect_from:
  - /guides/discovering-resources-for-a-user
  - /v3/guides/discovering-resources-for-a-user
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - API
shortTitle: Discover resources for a user
---



When making authenticated requests to the {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% endif %} API, applications often need to fetch the current user's repositories and organizations. In this guide, we'll explain how to reliably discover those resources.

To interact with the {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% endif %} API, we'll be using [Octokit.rb][octokit.rb]. You can find the complete source code for this project in the [platform-samples][platform samples] repository.

## Getting started

If you haven't already, you should read the ["Basics of Authentication"][basics-of-authentication] guide before working through the examples below. The examples below assume that you have [registered an OAuth application][register-oauth-app] and that your [application has an OAuth token for a user][make-authenticated-request-for-user].

## Discover the repositories that your app can access for a user

In addition to having their own personal repositories, a user may be a collaborator on repositories owned by other users and organizations. Collectively, these are the repositories where the user has privileged access: either it's a private repository where the user has read or write access, or it's {% ifversion fpt %}a public{% elsif ghec or ghes %}a public or internal{% elsif ghae %}an internal{% endif %} repository where the user has write access.

[OAuth scopes][scopes] and [organization application policies][oap] determine which of those repositories your app can access for a user. Use the workflow below to discover those repositories.

As always, first we'll require [GitHub's Octokit.rb][octokit.rb] Ruby library. Then we'll configure Octokit.rb to automatically handle [pagination][pagination] for us.

``` ruby
require 'octokit'

Octokit.auto_paginate = true
```

Next, we'll pass in our application's [OAuth token for a given user][make-authenticated-request-for-user]:

``` ruby
# !!! DO NOT EVER USE HARD-CODED VALUES IN A REAL APP !!!
# Instead, set and test environment variables, like below.
client = Octokit::Client.new :access_token => ENV["OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN"]
```

Then, we're ready to fetch the [repositories that our application can access for the user][list-repositories-for-current-user]:

``` ruby
client.repositories.each do |repository|
  full_name = repository[:full_name]
  has_push_access = repository[:permissions][:push]

  access_type = if has_push_access
                  "write"
                else
                  "read-only"
                end

  puts "User has #{access_type} access to #{full_name}."
end
```

## Discover the organizations that your app can access for a user

Applications can perform all sorts of organization-related tasks for a user. To perform these tasks, the app needs an [OAuth authorization][scopes] with sufficient permission. For example, the `read:org` scope allows you to [list teams][list-teams], and the `user` scope lets you [publicize the user’s organization membership][publicize-membership]. Once a user has granted one or more of these scopes to your app, you're ready to fetch the user’s organizations.

Just as we did when discovering repositories above, we'll start by requiring [GitHub's Octokit.rb][octokit.rb] Ruby library and configuring it to take care of [pagination][pagination] for us:

``` ruby
require 'octokit'

Octokit.auto_paginate = true
```

Next, we'll pass in our application's [OAuth token for a given user][make-authenticated-request-for-user] to initialize our API client:

``` ruby
# !!! DO NOT EVER USE HARD-CODED VALUES IN A REAL APP !!!
# Instead, set and test environment variables, like below.
client = Octokit::Client.new :access_token => ENV["OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN"]
```

Then, we can [list the organizations that our application can access for the user][list-orgs-for-current-user]:

``` ruby
client.organizations.each do |organization|
  puts "User belongs to the #{organization[:login]} organization."
end
```

### Return all of the user's organization memberships

If you've read the docs from cover to cover, you may have noticed an [API method for listing a user's public organization memberships][list-public-orgs]. Most applications should avoid this API method. This method only returns the user's public organization memberships, not their private organization memberships.

As an application, you typically want all of the user's organizations that your app is authorized to access. The workflow above will give you exactly that.

[basics-of-authentication]: /rest/guides/basics-of-authentication
[list-public-orgs]: /rest/reference/orgs#list-organizations-for-a-user
[list-repositories-for-current-user]: /rest/reference/repos#list-repositories-for-the-authenticated-user
[list-orgs-for-current-user]: /rest/reference/orgs#list-organizations-for-the-authenticated-user
[list-teams]: /rest/reference/teams#list-teams
[make-authenticated-request-for-user]: /rest/guides/basics-of-authentication#making-authenticated-requests
[oap]: https://developer.github.com/changes/2015-01-19-an-integrators-guide-to-organization-application-policies/
[octokit.rb]: https://github.com/octokit/octokit.rb
[pagination]: /rest#pagination
[platform samples]: https://github.com/github/platform-samples/tree/master/api/ruby/discovering-resources-for-a-user
[publicize-membership]: /rest/reference/orgs#set-public-organization-membership-for-the-authenticated-user
[register-oauth-app]: /rest/guides/basics-of-authentication#registering-your-app
[scopes]: /apps/building-oauth-apps/understanding-scopes-for-oauth-apps/
