translations/zh-CN/content/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-readmes.md, before:

---
title: 关于自述文件
intro: 您可以将自述文件添加到仓库，告知其他人您的项目为什么有用，他们可以对您的项目做什么，以及他们可以如何使用。
redirect_from:
  - /articles/section-links-on-readmes-and-blob-pages
  - /articles/relative-links-in-readmes
  - /articles/about-readmes
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-readmes
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-readmes
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
---

## 关于自述文件

您可以将 README 文件添加到仓库来交流有关您项目的重要信息。 A README, along with a repository license{% ifversion fpt or ghes > 3.2 or ghae-issue-4651 or ghec %}, citation file{% endif %}{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}, contribution guidelines, and a code of conduct{% elsif ghes %} and contribution guidelines{% endif %}, communicates expectations for your project and helps you manage contributions.

有关为项目提供指南的更多信息，请参阅 {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}“[为项目添加行为准则](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project)”和{% endif %}“[设置健康参与的项目](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions)”。

自述文件通常是访问者在访问仓库时看到的第一个项目。 自述文件通常包含以下信息：
- 项目做什么
- 项目为什么有用
- 用户如何使用项目
- 用户能从何处获取项目的帮助
- 谁维护和参与项目

如果将自述文件放在仓库的根目录 `docs` 或隐藏的目录 `.github` 中，{% data variables.product.product_name %} 将会识别您的自述文件并自动向仓库访问者显示。

![Github/scientist 仓库的主页面及其自述文件](/assets/images/help/repository/repo-with-readme.png)

{% ifversion fpt or ghes or ghec %}

{% data reusables.profile.profile-readme %}

{% endif %}

![用户名/用户名仓库上的自述文件](/assets/images/help/repository/username-repo-with-readme.png)

{% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes > 3.1 or ghec %}

## 为 README 文件自动生成的目录

对于仓库中任何 Markdown 文件（包括 README 文件）的视图，{% data variables.product.product_name %} 将自动生成基于章节标题的目录。 您可以通过单击渲染页面左上侧的 {% octicon "list-unordered" aria-label="The unordered list icon" %}  菜单图标来查看 README 文件的目录。

![自动生成目录的自述文件](/assets/images/help/repository/readme-automatic-toc.png)

{% endif %}

## 自述文件和 blob 页面中的章节链接

{% data reusables.repositories.section-links %}

## 自述文件中的相对链接和图像路径

{% data reusables.repositories.relative-links %}

## Wikis

A README should contain only the necessary information for developers to get started using and contributing to your project. Longer documentation is best suited for wikis. 更多信息请参阅“[关于 wiki](/communities/documenting-your-project-with-wikis/about-wikis)”。

## 延伸阅读

- "[添加文件到仓库](/articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository)"
- 18F 的“[将自述文件设为可读](https://github.com/18F/open-source-guide/blob/18f-pages/pages/making-readmes-readable.md)”

Commit message:

Initialize dependabot/npm_and_yarn/rehype-autolink-headings-6.1.1

translations/zh-CN/content/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-readmes.md, after:

---
title: About READMEs
intro: 'You can add a README file to your repository to tell other people why your project is useful, what they can do with your project, and how they can use it.'
redirect_from:
  - /articles/section-links-on-readmes-and-blob-pages
  - /articles/relative-links-in-readmes
  - /articles/about-readmes
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-readmes
  - /github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-readmes
versions:
  fpt: '*'
  ghes: '*'
  ghae: '*'
  ghec: '*'
topics:
  - Repositories
---
## About READMEs

You can add a README file to a repository to communicate important information about your project. A README, along with a repository license{% ifversion fpt or ghes > 3.2 or ghae-issue-4651 or ghec %}, citation file{% endif %}{% ifversion fpt or ghec %}, contribution guidelines, and a code of conduct{% elsif ghes %} and contribution guidelines{% endif %}, communicates expectations for your project and helps you manage contributions.

For more information about providing guidelines for your project, see {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}"[Adding a code of conduct to your project](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project)" and {% endif %}"[Setting up your project for healthy contributions](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions)."

A README is often the first item a visitor will see when visiting your repository. README files typically include information on:
- What the project does
- Why the project is useful
- How users can get started with the project
- Where users can get help with your project
- Who maintains and contributes to the project

If you put your README file in your repository's root, `docs`, or hidden `.github` directory, {% data variables.product.product_name %} will recognize and automatically surface your README to repository visitors.

![Main page of the github/scientist repository and its README file](/assets/images/help/repository/repo-with-readme.png)

{% ifversion fpt or ghes or ghec %}

{% data reusables.profile.profile-readme %}

{% endif %}

![README file on your username/username repository](/assets/images/help/repository/username-repo-with-readme.png)

{% ifversion fpt or ghae or ghes > 3.1 or ghec %}

## Auto-generated table of contents for README files

For the rendered view of any Markdown file in a repository, including README files, {% data variables.product.product_name %} will automatically generate a table of contents based on section headings. You can view the table of contents for a README file by clicking the {% octicon "list-unordered" aria-label="The unordered list icon" %}  menu icon at the top left of the rendered page.

![README with automatically generated TOC](/assets/images/help/repository/readme-automatic-toc.png)

{% endif %}

## Section links in README files and blob pages

{% data reusables.repositories.section-links %}

## Relative links and image paths in README files

{% data reusables.repositories.relative-links %}

## Wikis

A README should contain only the necessary information for developers to get started using and contributing to your project. Longer documentation is best suited for wikis. For more information, see "[About wikis](/communities/documenting-your-project-with-wikis/about-wikis)."

## Further reading

- "[Adding a file to a repository](/articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository)"
- 18F's "[Making READMEs readable](https://github.com/18F/open-source-guide/blob/18f-pages/pages/making-readmes-readable.md)"
